# GreenLungofKY
What's the amount of park space per person by county? This repo aims to create a choropleth map of how much park space is available per capita in each Ky county.  
Kentucky's Green Lung Project
##Examining parks per person in the Bluegrass

How much park space is available to the average person in Lexington or Louisville? Perhaps a look into Bangkok Thailand can provide an answer to that question. Take a look at a fairly recent example From NASA's Earth Observatory in 2014. Bangkok's Bang Kachao region, nicknamed a green lung, serving as a lush artery of greenspace at the heart of the city's 8.8 million residents:

https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/images/85382/bang-kachao-bangkoks-green-lung

So what about pockets of green space in the beautiful hamlets of Kentucky? Although there are many ways to approach it, I think a simple spatial analysis solution can give us a decent reflection on this question. Bang Kachao's green lung is a much more lush and humid climate than Kentucky's parks. But examining the measurement of park area per capita could provide means to understanding a comparison between the two.
I think that a proper examination of Kentucky's green lungs through population data can lend us a reflection on how municipalities value their parks and people. Although we're not looking at literal urban oases , aggregating the population data against square feet of parks can give us a different angle to examine the same problem. This repo aims to create a choropleth map depicting park space per capita by city zip codes. In order to avoid any fears of skewing the data, it's important to look at this question at a more urban and local level. Rural counties with lower population and density are also more likely to have state and national park acres that urban counties won't incorporate so it's therefore important to focus on the more urban counties. Statewide population data from the US Census Bureau's TIGER/Line database provides county-wide population data from the latest official census records. OpenStreetMap data on park vectors and road polylins will also be cleaned and added to Q. I'd like to know just how much park area there is per person for Jefferson and Fayette Counties. Which zip codes are the greenest lungs of the bluegrass? This is a fairly straightforward exercise that hopefully will provide a new context for examining the health of our parks in our state.

Honestly, I want to know more of your thoughts about it. Could this project be extended by implementing municipal tax per capita as a comparison? I'm curious what your thoughts are and if you think this can be expanded somehow?
